Know a substitution is essentially just a javascript expression which means that we can insert more
than just variable names.
We can actually do calculations since those are expressions we could do function calls.
We can do all kinds of different stuff with this.
And so it's a really cool feature that was added and also why it's one of the more popular features.
So let's say we work at a store and we want to do something like for example the count.
So we'll do let count is five and then maybe we'll do.
Price is like 25 cents or something like that.
And then will you let name is.
Well that's a good one I would say.
Well do.
Or something like that.
Now what I could do here is counseled log and I can put it directly inside of here but I'll go ahead
and just write an output so you can clearly see it.
So inside here template literals back to X like so and then I'm going to insert the name right here
so the name your total is.
And then inside of here I'm going to do a dollar sign.
Now this dollar sign is for the actual output.
It's going to be like dollar sign.
And however much money shows the second dollar sign is for the substitution syntax right here.
And inside of here I'm going to do parentheses.
Count times price.
OK.
And then after that we should be good to go.
So now I can just put my output in here output as soon as my text editor stops trying to fight me.
And let's see I made a mistake.
Output is not defined.
OK.
So I spelled it wrong.
That explains it.
Got to be careful with how you write things.
But now you can see that it prints out normally.
Your total is 125.
Now if you're wondering about these parentheses right here it's very very easy to just take those away
and you'll get the exact same result.
Like I said before people will just use parentheses with things like operations or if they're doing
comparisons just to really bunch things together and clearly show you what was meant to happen at what
time.
And with that being said I could put a space between these two dollar signs just to illustrate to you
that they are two different dollar signs.
One is a literal dollar sign for the actual output and the second dollar sign is for these substitution
syntax that's required.
So we can do calculations inside of here since those are just expressions we could do functions so for
example function greeds and it'll be let's say let and then name inside of here and I can declare that
no problem because some of the blocks scope of the function and that's referred to as lexical scoping.
And then we'll do Jessica then Allaman to do is just basically return name.
That's it.
So iminent do in fact we'll just make this really simple and we'll just return the string directly like
so.
Perfect.
Now that I have that should be good to go.
And so now what I can do is cancelled or log.
Then they'll do a template literal Hello.
And then after the substitution call the function.
Then after that a semi colon and you can see it says Hello Jessica and all we did was call the function
in it returned a string which in this case would have just inserted it inside the string.
Now with that being said I hope you enjoy this.
I hope you see how useful template literals.